Que - How would you deploy this application in production?

Ans -   1. Choose a cloud provider (AWS or Azure)
        2. Set up virtual machines or containers for application components
        3. Use a managed database service (Amazon RDS, Azure Database for PostgreSQL) for PostgreSQL database to ensure scalability
        4. Dockerize your application components, including the Python app and PostgreSQL and create dockerfile which contain all dependencies
        5. Use container orchestration tools like Kubernetes to manage and scale your application and later deploy them to kubernetes cluster ensuring resources are properly allocated
        6. Implement a CI/CD pipeline to automate code testing, building Docker images, and deploying to production
        7. Configure horizontal and vertical scaling for the application components to handle varying workloads and implement load balancing
        8. Implement access control and authentication mechanisms
        9. Implement automated testing, including unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests.

Que - What other components would you want to add to make this production ready?

Ans - Can add load balancer to distribute traffic, auto-scaling, integrate caching mechanisms

Que - How can this application scale with a growing dataset?

Ans - I think as explained in the second question, adding load balancer and auto-scaling (horizontal and vertical) will help with the scaling of application with larger datasets in future.

Que - How can PII be recovered later on?

Ans - It depends on a lot of facotrs like data retention policies of the company, legal and regulatory compliance and then individual privacy requirements. Make sure the ocmpany has these and other required documents well-defined and available if in need of recovering data.

Que - What are the assumptions you made?

Ans - Preqrequisites are already installed and the person testing this will require familiarity with programming languages like Python and yml files. Also familiarity with Docker and SQL is required.
